thing recording on this computer welcome
everyone to the gfs core dev team weekly
of february 19 I'll be I'll be the
moderator for this session and Volker
volunteer to be the note-taker get so
much
as usual we try to keep these meetings
really short and efficient so let's just
get into it I told you to be first this
week and I want to start by giving my
updates by posting their like directly
my my site into the this is like a
suggestion a proposal instead of like
having like a note-taker trying to catch
up everything if we say well it's just
like prepare our update I just copy
paste it and then walk others to it and
if there is questions and we can ask
questions so from my end well I don't
know a lot of see our merges and abuses
like there was a lot of PR everywhere
there's a lot of activity and so I spent
some time reviewing code and also
helping people finish their peers and so
almost been there I fixed the pictures
issue on ID year right now we finally
have like a more same approach to load
features on a fixtures on browser tests
they're always a problem in Jessica's
API I'll not expend more I also saw the
buffer shame problem in just a VCI it is
actually a fake problem buffer and I
continue working on the new the refactor
version of which peer-to-peer what I did
this week you know a part of that was
getting pub/sub as being a cooperative
of a peer-to-peer and making just VFS
use it and I also made em Plex
unofficial thing so instead of now using
a fork that is a fork of a fork we
actually just like okay this is a
completely different thing from there
you know code it solves a bunch of
problems I'd save a spec which didn't
exist before and now it's all there
check it out this is not a breaking
change by the way he's just like naming
things probably and yeah there were
other bug fixes well minor changes
everywhere you
check that by going through the waffle
work column on the done I'm not blocking
anything and for this week I expect to
ship there's a professor you rotate a
lot of people are asking for the
teachers that are there and continue the
leap peer-to-peer next endeavor and by
the way for the people that Chinese call
for the first time there is an issue
about we preview next on J sleep utopia
which wastes all things that need to
happen and also for the people that
Chinese call for the first time we have
instructions about format this call on
the first recording if you haven't seen
that please definitely check it out
other cool that's for me any questions
anything good
David I took a look at the new spec
which is great for all for the boxer
stuff see I a few comments on a couple
the algorithms are wrong that you wrote
interesting okay so I definitely saw
your comments and I will reply to which
of them maybe you have more oh I haven't
seen them yet I just woke up at 6 in the
morning how so you mean algorithms or
just like a formatting oh that the three
things on how to decode the bits is
wrong his wrong names in it wrong names
okay okay I was already claiming that
there how the multiplex works
no no no no not at all thank you so much
for reviewing yeah I replied to the
comments directly and good morning sorry
okay
I'm trying to get c-sharp I'm talking
all the PTP protocols which is why I was
looking at it sweet awesome awesome let
me know okay so do you want to go next
and just like talk about the things that
you have done what's your what yeah okay
oh I spent last week in a week before
looking at graceful stopping on Windows
I think I have it all I'm implemented
just waiting for the release which has
some problems with the IPS demon it
needs the graceful stuff to get all the
tests working so you know as typical
waiting for one project to be released
before we can continue with another one
although I have a PR open up on the
demon to make things faster instead of
spawning the sub command aunt um three
times and processes all over the place
just use one process that's blocked
until we get this other stuff going okay
and you queried mdns I I found one issue
with the the other vendors package
multicast DNS on restart I've submitted
a when a new network interface
connection pops up we don't detect it
which we should so I submitted it a few
days ago I'm waiting to get an update
from them alright yeah are you blocked
on anything
oh well basically just waiting for all
the new release of jeaious IPS because
oh that graceful stop stuff is also
stopping that big 11:03 which is
Victor's thing I'm trying to get it all
working on Jenkins
we need that interesting so is that the
case Peter like we can not I don't I
don't think it's blocked currently we're
skipping notice on it which might
actually be the case why we have the
problem with removing the directory I
just saw Richards comment that it might
be the demon is not stopped properly so
the blocks cannot be removed and that's
why the test is failing we should look
into the author after the call so that's
why I changed it to improv the bit swap
test as why I changed it to improv
demons so avoid the problem
note but that caused the problem on the
browser that you fell yeah and the test
was with retesting in browser notes to
an external amen and so we need to have
that that way okay cool
so we can skip the test to get the real
is done and then we can then update IP
FST to you Street down and step and then
do another patch really on Jessup yes we
did those tests enable cool cool
thank you so much on multicast DNS so
you found the issue crystal stopping
yeah I don't have any other questions
any questions for Richard that's good
okay cool
featured you want to go next sure thing
because I also have something to show
can you can you see the zoom no yeah I
can see lines diagonal lines ah
you cannot say actually something now we
see something we see the equipment okay
okay and it's working so the first thing
that I've done I've added monitoring
cloud instance which also means that we
have no monitoring for web sockets or
and diversity store so we can see the
network traffic and we can see the
students memory so we can see how much
resources but then I also added the
specific endpoints that we have for star
signaling so we can see exactly how many
peers are connected to the different
different store services right column so
right now it looks like web socket store
is a lot more popular than web or CC
store and also see the statistics on how
many dial then they done so web RTC is
for for example has a lot more failed
styles then a web socket storm and we
can also see how many joints so this is
kind of like abating monitoring by I
thought I showed a oh that's excellent
do you know how many the
notes gets born what do you mean oh like
like you have a bunch of connects but
that correct can be just in there
disconnecting ending again I'm
interested to know how many different
parodies do we see oh I don't think we
were logging not currently you know
really the exported stuff
yeah but basically if we export out with
Prometheus then we can set up the
dashboard to show this summer but this
basically just takes values that we
added so far but we can make this better
in the future
all right this this metric here is just
just a number of peers or currently
connected by screen okay how many area
right now nine to a store and to two
party system so no no what okay
interesting
time we go and that's good to know like
our friends from metal mask have started
by clothing with peer-to-peer notes on
their on a container inside the
extension until multiple hundred loads
more than thousands are using it and I
was curious if we saw that on our
metrics hmm as far as we can tell they
are not connected to the discovery
torpedo toil maybe they have the wrong
signals deployed yeah Ramona pointing
you somewhere or somewhere else
yeah yeah this is good to know so the
second point is the CI work that we
already talked about basically just to
get a view of how that looks
we now get this nice dashboard once we
have this Marsh but as you can see there
is still three platforms fighting and
what's nice as well is that we can get
this field view so you don't have to
browse the logs
you got a poorest output okay what tests
are failing here you figured answer you
could test yeah yeah and then you can
see the changes that's wrong so in
general it's just annoys you I for ya
quickly finding out why that's a certain
yeah
you know I've been trying it out and I
just seen jenkin just like fly true and
like all the other sale it's awesome
yeah did you say it should be a plenty
plenty of faster as well I don't know if
it's really good we can see the Texans
job take half an hour which is wool and
we need to make it faster currently
we're not using all the the power we get
from Jenkins because we cannot run the
test in parallel but then we are travis
which runs on 34 minutes so basically
this time is not because we have not
powerful machines it's because we have a
bunch of waiting so that we are running
sequentially we're basically not using
the TP or double hell yeah and then most
of that we can shave that enough once we
have the private key it's adjusted again
well the test has to have better
isolation like right now if you run
multiple test cases they will conflict
because of ports and connections and
boots right nodes and stuff like that
that we have three then the last point
is hope so I've been working on to
Camelot refactored us disk i/o to help
with the to help with the circuit tests
which are becoming very messy very
quickly so the basic ideas and up with
that cases are very declarative compared
to the currents very imperative setup
style we have of the test and once this
done we can start incrementing hopefully
this elsewhere as well but be able to
change out the pigment factory and then
do test differently and how we're doing
the model
all right so all the data is what I've
been working on that school then a key
for showing the demos things that who
you are bought or that you are pointing
to see see nothing well I mean I'm
planning to continue with the choc-ice
off and the testing testing DSL I also
have a partial
other things not related to JavaScript
but hopefully I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
confident we will finish integrating
Jenkins in today's I give us and then we
can basically push all the JavaScript
purpose should work with Jenkins at the
possible points and then we can start
removing CI services and that's it and
that also means that we can start
testing on Windows again because we
can't use that there because it's a the
32 bit problem with go the plan has
always been to remove a player and
Travis and all the other tre services
except concerns because in Jenkins we
already have Windows support and OSX and
Linux because other platforms in the
future as well so I I'm afraid like
pushing the go ipfs release faster is
not very possible from our side and a
player is gonna be deprecated for us
soon so I don't think it's worth
spending time or not wait on yeah and I
know sorry Victor I agree with you I
think you'll be great having Jenkins
because now we can do Windows testings
which has been a big problem yeah yeah
all right all right cool so Thank You
Vicker for the update Volker
interconnects yes right so I've been
working on so well it's basically news
piece I have already worked on it but
the Bitcoin and C cache stuff is finally
merged in Chinese IP LD that's pretty
cool
and also I've spent some work on
upstream to fix the Pharos
implementation so if you basically use
the node offerors in the browser I'm
kind of updating the tests for it and
fixham exuded that now again comparable
with the
[Music]
implementation one of most Pro requests
got merged and this week I will spend a
bit of the time to move more tests to
the new version helping there and I work
on the IPD selectors and also will make
sure that the je s HTTP API for that one
the deck commands start work and there's
an OPR open enable I've fully curly fix
it to make it work with the current code
base and yeah that's all I have
I'm I'm not locked on anything sweet
yeah a lot of great updates so DPR on
frost buffer like I just got much that's
great like it seems like things are
going more smoothly
yeah and also I think the the fourth
fourth fourth biggest contributor to the
toughest stuff John you're next
uh yeah mic isn't work
it's really low there yeah you want to
type it because we can understand you we
can so but so some things have happened
[Music]
then yeah yeah exactly
so we I can help you like finding those
issues that are high priority or things
that are also more interesting for you
I believe I answered your question on
the GFI PFS apip are like 10 minutes ago
15 minutes ago
so let me know if that helps you it just
clears your question yeah unless it like
on the first call I'm also available
like my time if you want to appear
pre-programming one day I just like to
go through all the sec to find areas
where you want
and and we can i disgust you
yeah I've been to some that I also I
entrance to that you have some questions
about file system and I yeah yeah yeah
okay so it's like never a chat more
about these things or just keep opening
issues thank you so much for all the
contribution John
[Music]
so I just saw that like there we have a
new person at join Anna and I are you
still there are you just listening today
do you want to hear and I am depositing
today okay sounds good no problem and
welcome it's great to see him
cool so Matty but here's your on did you
I to share a bed with me yes I was
working on rewriting the module I made
the beautiful not trust now complete you
working I've implemented oil changes and
the private keys are no longer shared by
other world so it's now technically not
illegal anymore because sharing private
keys of certificates is actually I think
about thing at least and yeah it's not
working I would like to make it an
officer liquid appeal module movie art
this is something that
can be done it can be done well just
like make sure we understand how that
fits the stack because once it's an
official like as long as it's pluggable
into the peer-to-peer it's an official
module like we welcome every
organization every group every game - I
create with peer-to-peer modules they
don't need to be in Le Pew or it's just
like when there is something there it's
a clear signal to tell everyone to use
and so let's like understand those
nuances about like even as you just said
like you are not sure if sharing the
private keys are easy illegal like it's
a wrong thing to do or not and I
understand you already fix that but
there might be other things that we
probably should check in with Lars or
Kyle because they have a best experience
on that kind of system and they will
help us understand if we are
recommending users in the wrong path or
if you are actually providing a very
useful and you all the committed service
so actually I think that I have actually
more mostly solved everything and it
should been all ready to use but if you
don't know what module does basically it
allows browsers to communicate over
WebSockets tar with random PC nodes
without having to use peer-to-peer
circuit to connect to them so it's like
when our to see but less annoying - all
right yeah because you solve the HTTP
flash WebSockets secure problem because
you need to setup that manually yeah
yeah and even like no trust can be used
even for perhaps go ipfs notes because
there's a lot of folks that want to oust
their own go IP first node and they want
their browser know to connect to it but
they it's not clear that they have to
set up a reverse proxy on front but yeah
cos termination endpoint and they could
just use no trust as a solution and so
well back to the idea of these tenets
are is there anything at your blog for
this week yes I have a bad connection
get observed addresses returns an empty
array for some reason I had to hack it
in so it
chose the IPS locally host tested and I
don't know where it's coming from I
would have to look a debt and I'm also
blocked by the little European extra
right because the module needs to exist
this one so I'm currently using as I
Swan function after this one was created
but that's the heck that should be
removed yeah yeah I saw that your your
PR yeah like I I'm working on it like
I'll try to invoke you as soon as
possible it's just like a lot else like
that the next version is just like a lot
of with my finger the corn dot get up
services like you have any tests or any
issue that I can check out to see if I
can help you
so I think currently there is nothing to
do besides adding tests and maybe
testing things more yeah or maybe
providing a tests are on the clip eeeh
but I oh that would be great for testing
if DNS works with protocol apps service
and stuff got it ok cool cool so by the
way like one of the outer gives when we
cannot create a tests that reproduces
the error is again setting up just like
some time to enter in pair programming
modes like we me and Victor did this in
the beginning of us here and I think it
worked very well when we were when was
here we were in Sprint's mode and like
we would just like spend an hour or
sometimes even just 20 minutes of screen
share and just like going through things
together and there was a lot of
knowledge that got transferred because
of that and now so like you see the but
right like it the other person that
doesn't have to tell you that you have
to like do all these steps to set up the
thing you can just show you
and so match if you want to set up like
20 minutes on my calendar just like to
walk me through like the steps and like
what you're doing so that I can see and
and try to debug it with you that's the
more than happy to all right two minutes
to the another sorry you're they see
something no I would I would I just
wanted to say that it's a great
opportunity
and yeah that's all yeah yeah and it's
always fun to have done things together
and all right so I didn't miss anyone
right we we went like we had a blade
from everyone
well do let's just like check out
Dmitry's notes so Demetri has been doing
the the key sighs like so having the
feature of excavating the key size 4 at
Bethesda steel and he's going to
continue focusing on Circuit's test
interrupts and the tutorial I know that
he's working on drop 1 making a tutorial
to explain users how to use a
peer-to-peer circuit cool yeah so one
more question does everyone feel a big
now that what they should should be
working this way oh we have a question
for Booker
it's just something for next week
because I think it worked pretty well
that because everyone has put his own
notes to the heck pad and then super
convenient because I didn't actually do
anything so um I think we should
basically for next week we should
already like as soon as the URL for the
meetings online every should put in his
yeah it's three points of what is done
he released and and yeah put it in there
and this make them being waste water
also for the note taker and my question
is do we normally do a recording because
this week again we haven't done one we
we are recording yeah yeah it should
tell you on the top that is okay cool
yeah yeah we've been recording every
week and I applaud it to the ipfs
channel and also I put the link so but I
what I totally agree with your
suggestion what's out they do templates
so that like it's obvious every week
that we should insert our updates before
even start talking and I will update the
template thank you so much okay yeah
before we disband I just want to make
sure and I answer any questions does
everyone feel like they have a clear
direction for this week they know what
they should be working at well I guess
me and Jon F to sync up on like issues
but that's also done actually so
yeah well I don't see any hands or any
people done with the issue that you have
to imagine that overspending
I'm really long at all so there's no
[Music]
yeah I think that's right we should
avoid having like pages of comments and
we should like shifts to a normal I just
created an issue per week I know that
like the ipfs helper bot has been having
some problems and so that's why I
haven't like spent a lot of time trying
to get that working and so I'm hoping at
once those problems are fixed for their
regular ipfs Allen's we can just reuse
that but to also create our car and so
probably this is enough for your Viktor
which you are probably going to pay a
little bit of attention to that this
week if you can make the ipfs bot helper
agnostic not just do that because our
ends with any kind of call it like for
IPL d4 die Navy data for disappearance
etc that will be great yeah that sweet
yeah cool
alright thank you so much for your time
have a great week
see you on the interwebs and let's ship
just at the first 0:38 please like all
the writing guides tomorrow and ask
about review and cool cool
have a great day week morning